General information

Dear colleagues,

Everything in our office is aimed at stimulating your creative thinking, creativity in general and maintaining a culture of collaboration.

In order to achieve peace, harmony and efficiency in our workplace, we recommend everyone to comply with some basic office rules.

Following these rules is the key to have a safe and comfortable environment in the office for each of us. Thank you for taking care of yourself and your colleagues!


Basic office rules

Keep noise and distractions to a minimum. Talk on your phone or chat with colleagues in non-working areas or any available meeting room/ one-to-one.
Respect another's need to work and their privacy. Just because others are sitting nearby doesn't mean they are available for conversation at all times. If your colleague appears to be busy, don't disturb him.
Be tolerant. The open-office environment brings together a variety of personalities, with different styles. Be tolerant of these differences and find ways to adapt.
You should book a workplace, meeting room beforehand. If you need to work from the office, you should book any available working place or meeting room on desk.epam.com. Watch a short video instruction here.
Be tidy. Your messy desk can be a distraction to others and will detract from the professional image of our organization. Ask for a locker cell on the reception desk.
Use your workplace as it was intended. Eat strong scented meals in the kitchen, break room or outside, rather than at your desk. Do not drink alcohol beverages or smoke.
Comply with appropriate dress code. Please do not wear clothes with any racist or discriminatory content. Refrain from wearing too short skirt or shorts, as well as clothing that exposes the body too much, etc.
Stay home if you are sick. Stay home if you are sick and seek medical assistance. You increase the risk of spreading illness to those around you. Take care of yourself and your colleagues.
Wardrobe etiquette

The wardrobe is designed for storing outwear during your working day.

Let's respect each other by following a few obvious rules:

Keep the wardrobe clean and tidy.

Do not leave anything other than outwear, headwear and umbrellas.

Do not use the wardrobe as a storage for your belongings (shoes, gym bags and other clothing and personal items)

Every colleague is responsible for their belongings.

The Administrative stuff cannot displace or take away any clothes or personal belongings without the permission of the owner.